v0.13 DTK changes (#2314)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: delegation-toolkit/guides/delegation/use-delegation-scopes/constrain-scope.md

## Apply a caveat enforcer

For example, Alice creates a delegation with an [ERC-20 transfer scope](spending-limit.md#erc-20-transfer-scope) that allows Bob to spend up to 10 USDC.

> If Alice wants to further restrict the scope, she can limit Bob’s delegation to be valid only for a 7 day period,
> she can apply the [`timestamp`](../../../reference/delegation/caveats.md#timestamp) caveat enforcer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Alice wants to further restrict the scope to limit Bob's delegation to be valid for only seven days,
she can apply the [`timestamp`](../../../reference/delegation/caveats.md#timestamp) caveat enforcer.
```

> The following example creates a delegation using [`createDelegation`](../../../reference/delegation/index.md#createdelegation), applies the ERC-20 transfer scope with a spending limit of 10 USDC, and applies the `timestamp` caveat enforcer to restrict the delegation’s validity to a 7 day period:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates a delegation using [`createDelegation`](../../../reference/delegation/index.md#createdelegation), applies the ERC-20 transfer scope with a spending limit of 10 USDC, and applies the `timestamp` caveat enforcer to restrict the delegation's validity to a seven-day period:
```

```typescript
import { createDelegation } from "@metamask/delegation-toolkit";

> // Constrains the delegation to one-time use.
> 
> // We need to convert milliseconds to seconds.
> const currentTime = Math.floor(Date.now() / 1000);
> 
> // 7 day after current time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Convert milliseconds to seconds.
const currentTime = Math.floor(Date.now() / 1000);

// Seven days after current time.
```
